we got our own hot streak here in miami
it's going to hit
95. we ain't got no milk
ain't getting none neither hey yo yo
now people this is going to be very
basic for some of you what you've got
is 64 squares 32 pieces
it doesn't matter how rich or poor you
are what ivy league school you may go
may not go to because chess is the great
equalizer we got a tournament coming up
in a couple days
so we need to start really considering
if we're serious about what we're doing
here or not
you're on the mic i get tight don't mess
with me
cuz that's his life
the minute that you lose he won't be
losing today's mother
the board is fine spending 400 on
footballs
but not with sending kids on a road trip
to improve their minds
you can have them play marbles for all i
care just keep the bodies in the seats
you're underestimating me okay and more
importantly them
kids like this from places like dake
county don't ever make it to team
regionals
and it shouldn't be too hard for them to
swallow
[Music]
give up on them let their parents give
up on them let the whole system give up
on them but you know what i
ain't okay this moment right here
this happens to haven't been in my life
so you come in here bragging because you
want to trophy
play the win these kids have real
potential my mommy's telling me
make something of myself jet set
[Music]
what's that world we coming for you all
four of us
yo we can be something special just
remember your mind can be
your weapon from the streets
we were summoned
[Music]
you